TiFlash resource control and pipeline execution model: update docs link and refine wording (#14917)
pingcap/docs: tidb-resource-control.md

2. For TiDB Self-Hosted, you can use the `resource-control.enabled` parameter to control whether to use request scheduling based on resource group quotas. For TiDB Cloud, the value of the `resource-control.enabled` parameter is `true` by default and does not support dynamic modification. If you need to disable it for TiDB Dedicated clusters, contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md).

> 3. For TiDB Self-Hosted, you can use the `enable_resource_control` configuration item to control whether to enable TiFlash resource control. For TiDB Cloud, <!--TODO: add the behavior of TiFlash resource control in TiDB Cloud-->.

Reviewer: What's ` <!--TODO: add the behavior of TiFlash resource control in TiDB Cloud-->.`, is it expected?

Reviewer: Other lgtm

Reviewer: For TiDB Cloud, the value of the `enable_resource_control` parameter is `true` by default and does not support dynamic modification. If you need to disable it for TiDB Dedicated clusters, contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md)

> 3. For TiDB Self-Hosted, you can use the `enable_resource_control` configuration item to control whether to enable TiFlash resource control. For TiDB Cloud, <!--TODO: add the behavior of TiFlash resource control in TiDB Cloud-->.

Author: ```suggestion
3. For TiDB Self-Hosted, you can use the `enable_resource_control` configuration item to control whether to enable TiFlash resource control. For TiDB Cloud, the value of the `enable_resource_control` parameter is `true` by default and does not support dynamic modification. If you need to disable it for TiDB Dedicated clusters, contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md).
```

Author: @guo-shaoge PTAL
